An update to S68 (Deleted diameter topology) (#1382)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000068/README.md

  - doi: 10.1007/978-1-4612-6290-9 
    name: Counterexamples in Topology
---
Let $X = \mathbb{R}^2$. The deleted diameter topology on $X$ is generated by the basis consisting of all open discs with their horizontal diameters except the center deleted.

Defined as counterexample #76 ("Deleted Diameter Topology")
in {{doi:10.1007/978-1-4612-6290-9}}.

> **Note** that therein the deleted discs are said to form a subbasis while intersection of any two can be obtained as a union
> of elements of the basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(That reference states that the deleted discs above form a subbasis for the topology, but they in fact form a basis.)
```
simpler
